1277005469
AddAdminToUsers	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100618160949_add_admin_to_users.rb	class AddAdminToUsers 
AddEmailUniquenessIndex	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100417092418_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	class AddEmailUniquenessIndex 
AddPasswordToUsers	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100419162753_add_password_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordToUsers 
AddRememberTokenToUsers	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100603145347_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	class AddRememberTokenToUsers 
AddSaltToUsers	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100425090436_add_salt_to_users.rb	class AddSaltToUsers 
AnnotateModels	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	module AnnotateModels
ApplicationController	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Boot	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	  class Boot
BrowsingTest	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateMicroposts	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100618175148_create_microposts.rb	class CreateMicroposts 
CreateUsers	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100412151913_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
DEFAULT_OPTIONS	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	  DEFAULT_OPTIONS =
DictControllerTest	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/functional/dict_controller_test.rb	class DictControllerTest 
DictHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/dict_helper.rb	module DictHelper
DictHelperTest	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/unit/helpers/dict_helper_test.rb	class DictHelperTest 
EmailRegex	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	  EmailRegex =
FIXTURE_DIR	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	FIXTURE_DIR =
GemBoot	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	  class GemBoot 
GravatarHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	module GravatarHelper
MODEL_DIR	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	MODEL_DIR   =
Micropost	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/micropost.rb	class Micropost 
MicropostsController	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	class MicropostsController 
MicropostsHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/microposts_helper.rb	module MicropostsHelper
PREFIX	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  PREFIX =
PagesController	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
PublicMethods	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	  module PublicMethods
RAILS_GEM_VERSION	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/environment.rb	RAILS_GEM_VERSION =
RAILS_ROOT	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	RAILS_ROOT =
RSPEC_DIR	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	RSPEC_DIR   =
RSPEC_FIXTURES	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	RSPEC_FIXTURES =
Rails	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	module Rails
ServicesController	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	class ServicesController 
ServicesHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/services_helper.rb	module ServicesHelper
SessionsController	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
TestCase	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
ToothTest	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/unit/tooth_test.rb	class ToothTest 
User	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
VendorBoot	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	  class VendorBoot 
about	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def about
admin_user	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def admin_user
annotate	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  def self.annotate
annotate_one_file	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  def self.annotate_one_file
authenticate	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def authenticate
authenticate	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	  def self.authenticate
boot!	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def boot!
booted?	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def booted?
clear_return_to	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def clear_return_to
contact	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def contact
correct_user	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def correct_user
create	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user?	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user?
deny_access	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def deny_access
destroy	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
dict	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/services_controller.rb	  def dict
do_annotations	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  def self.do_annotations
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100412151913_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100417092418_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100419162753_add_password_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100425090436_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100603145347_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100618160949_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100618175148_create_microposts.rb	  def self.down
edit	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypt	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	    def encrypt
encrypt_password	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	    def encrypt_password
feed	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	  def feed
gem_version	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	      def gem_version
get_model_names	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  def self.get_model_names
get_schema_info	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  def self.get_schema_info
gravatar	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	    def gravatar
gravatar_api_url	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	    def gravatar_api_url
gravatar_for	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	    def gravatar_for
gravatar_url	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/gravatar/lib/gravatar.rb	    def gravatar_url
has_password?	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	  def has_password?
home	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	    def home
home	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
load_initializer	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def load_initializer
load_initializer	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def load_initializer
load_rails_gem	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def load_rails_gem
load_rubygems	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	      def load_rubygems
logo	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logo
make_salt	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	    def make_salt
new	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
parse_gem_version	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	      def parse_gem_version
password	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :password
pick_boot	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def pick_boot
preinitialize	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def preinitialize
preinitializer_path	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def preinitializer_path
quote	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/vendor/plugins/annotate_models/lib/annotate_models.rb	  def self.quote
read_environment_rb	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	        def read_environment_rb
redirect_back_or	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def redirect_back_or
remember_me!	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	  def remember_me!
rubygems_version	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	      def rubygems_version
run	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def run
secure_hash	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/models/user.rb	    def secure_hash
show	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_in
sign_out	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def sign_out
sign_out	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in?
store_location	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def store_location
test_homepage	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_sign_in	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/spec/spec_helper.rb	  def test_sign_in
title	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100412151913_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100417092418_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100419162753_add_password_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100425090436_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100603145347_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100618160949_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/db/migrate/20100618175148_create_microposts.rb	  def self.up
update	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
user_from_remember_token	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def user_from_remember_token
vendor_rails?	/media/sda3/dev/ruby/rails/tut/config/boot.rb	    def vendor_rails?
